# S01E20

**The One With the Evil Orthodontist**

> orthodontist n.正牙医生;牙齿矫正医师

Written by: Doty Abrams
Transcribed by: guineapig

*120 风流牙医 大家在争论花生酱饼干和咸味饼孰友孰劣时，发现有人在用望远镜向室内偷窥；乔伊发现那是个不错的女人。 众人埋怨偷窥者举止下流，菲比窥见丑陋裸男穿着重力靴，大家又蜂拥去看。 钱德和丹妮尔约会感觉非常好，他很想打电话给她却又不想显得太猴急。 瑞秋想安慰巴利，结果却和他上了床； 当她与巴利的现任未婚妻敏蒂碰面交谈之后，瑞秋发现巴利惯于脚踏两船、可真不是个东西。 瑞秋提到是她最好的朋友敏蒂教她如何接吻，乔伊打破沙锅问到底。 罗斯带大家做猜字游戏。*

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.]

**Chandler:** I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty我是咸味先生而不非花生先生.

> Mr．Peanut, Mr．Salty 花生先生和咸味先生，这又是两个卡通人物。剧中钱德勒和乔伊便吃着根据这个形象做的玉米果小吃，边在争执两个角色哪个比较好。

**Joey:** No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, the toughest snack点心，小吃 there is.

> sailor n. n.海员, 水手/tough adj.强硬的, 艰苦的, 坚强的, 坚韧的, 强壮的, 吃苦耐劳的, 凶恶的, 粗暴的

**Ross:** I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.

> mess with vt.同...一起用膳,胡乱摆弄,搞糟,干扰,与...厮混在一起,参预 to与……作对/corn n.<美>玉米

**Monica:** (looking out of the window) Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!

> creep vi.爬, 蹑手蹑脚, 蔓延 n.<贬>讨厌的人，奴颜卑膝的人 =eccentric, strange person。

**Ross:** I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!

**Rachel:** Oh, that is so sick.

**Chandler:** I feel violated. And not in a good way感觉不爽.

**Phoebe:** How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity（n.重力） boots!

**Opening Credits**

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Rachel is there.]

**Chandler:** I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves做自己, we didn't have to play any games...

**Monica:** So have you called her yet?

**Chandler:** Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day才刚刚第二天! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?

> needy adj.贫穷的 to 渴望的

**Joey and Ross:** Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.

> dangle v.摇摆 to 等着

**Monica:** I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.

> pressure(=exert) sb to do sth给某人施加压力

**Phoebe:** Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!

> testosterone n.[生化][药] 睾丸激素：一种男性荷尔蒙，睾丸酮，是雄性激素是androgens(n.男性荷尔蒙) 的重要组成部分。testosteroney不是正式的词，Phoebe 是用很形象的方式告诉 chandler 别老那么大男子主义。

**Chandler:** Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up挂断.) I got her machine.

> San Francisco treat，饮料食品广告语：旧金山请客！That was a play on the old Rice A Roni commericals, where their slogan was the San Fransisco treat. There's also a sexual connotation implied there as well. real San Francisco treat，含有性的暗示，大约是因为那里的同性恋街

**Joey:** Her answer machine?

**Chandler:** No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.

> her leaf blower她那如同轻轻吹动树叶的soft voice

**Phoebe:** So, uh, why didn't you say anything?

**Chandler:** Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."

> spontaneous adj. 自发的, 自然产生的

**Monica:** Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!

**Ross:** Okay, okay, what's going on?

**Phoebe:** Okay, they're just talking...

**Ross:** Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?

> shove n.<口>推, 挤v.<口>推挤, 猛推, 强使

**Phoebe:** No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!

**Ross:** What? What? What?!

**Phoebe:** That man across the street just kicked that pigeon鸽子! (Rachel enters.) Oh!

**Chandler:** (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill(n.法案) becomes a law.

**All:** Oh!... Right!

**Chandler:** Hey Rach!

**Monica:** How'd it go?

**Rachel:** Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the *Russian Tea Room*, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...

> squirt out v.（液体，粉末）喷出

**Phoebe:** Not a good day for birds...

**Rachel:** Then we took a walk down to *Bendall's*, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of *Chanel*...

> 瑞秋巧遇前未婚夫巴里，巴里带他去了“Russian Tea Room"，这就是世贸中心大楼里著名的“俄罗斯茶室”餐厅。然后巴里又和她到本多尔(Bendall's)公司买了香奈尔(Chanel)香水。

**Ross:** That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?

**Rachel:** Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!

**Ross:** That's, that's nice twice!

**Monica:** Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?

> altar n. (基督教教堂内的)圣坛

**Joey:** Duh, where've you been?

**Rachel:** Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?

(Ross 'prompts' Chandler by hitting him on the arm.)

**Chandler:** Yes!

**Rachel:** Why?

**Chandler:** I have my reasons.

**Monica:** Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?

> be engaged to(=engage oneself to)与...订婚/be engage oneself in正做着, 正忙着

**Rachel:** All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!

> put an end to v.结束, 终止

[Scene: Barry's Office, the post-coital Barry and Rachel are recovering on the chair.]

> coital adj.(有关)性交的/post-cotial adj.性交后的

**Rachel:** Wow... Wow!

**Barry:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.

**Barry:** Nooo, it wasn't.

**Rachel:** Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there except Rachel.]

**Chandler:** (on phone, reading from a script手稿) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (Rattles some dishes) Bye-bye. (Hangs up.) Oh God!

> rattle v.发出卡嗒卡嗒声, 喋喋不休, 急忙地做

**Monica:** **That's** what you've been working on for the past two hours?!

**Chandler:** Hey, I've been honing!

> honing v.珩磨, 搪磨 to rehearse排练

**Ross:** What was with the dishes?

**Chandler:** Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.

**Monica:** (looking out the window) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!

**Monica:** Great, now he's waving back.

**Joey:** Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!

> creep out v.偷偷溜出/creep sb out=scare out, be taken back.吓了一跳，大吃一惊使某人毛骨悚然

**Monica:** What kinda stuff?

**Joey:** Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.

**Phoebe:** You cook naked?

**Joey:** Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.

> toast n.烤面包(片), 吐司面包, 干杯/oatmeal n.(燕)麦片, (燕)麦粥/spatter v.溅,洒，泼

(A pause as they look at Chandler.)

**Chandler:** What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.

[Scene: Barry's Office, Rachel and Barry are getting married.]

**Barry:** What's the matter?

**Rachel:** Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.

**Barry:** No, it was. It was very very good.

**Rachel:** Well, what about Mindy?

**Barry:** Oh, way, way better than Mindy.

> way adv.远远地, 大大地, 非常

**Rachel:** No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?

**Barry:** Well, if you want, I'll just—I'll just break it off with her.

> break (it) off with sb与...断绝交往

**Rachel:** No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.

**Bernice:** (over intercom) Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.

**Barry:** (into intercom) Thanks, Bernice. (To Rachel) Let's go away this weekend.

**Rachel:** Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..

**Barry:** We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.

> Aruba:位于加勒比海南部小安的列斯群岛最西端。面积193平方千米。人口9.14万（1997年）。主要为印欧混血种人。居民多数信奉天主教，少数信奉基督教新教。官方语言为荷兰语，但通用帕皮阿门托语，也讲西班牙语和英语。首府奥拉涅斯塔德。

(Pause as Rachel realises...)

**Rachel:** I had a bra.

(Barry finds it draped on a cupboard橱柜 and gives it to Rachel, they kiss as Bobby enters.)

**Bobby:** Hey, Dr. Farber.

(Rachel and Barry quickly split and pretend Barry is examining Rachel's mouth.)

**Barry:** All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.

(Bobby looks on旁观, deadpan.)

**Rachel:** What?!

**Bobby:** I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.

(Rachel glares at him.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler enters clutching his phone.]

**Chandler:** Can I use your phone?

**Monica:** Yeah.. uh, but for future reference我指点你一下, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.

(Chandler dials his own phone and it rings.)

**Chandler:** Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?

**Joey:** Maybe she never got your message.

**Phoebe:** Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.

> beep n.哔哔声v.嘟嘟响/Beep-Pager n.呼机, 寻呼机

**Chandler:** Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...

**Ross:** ...desperate, needy, pathetic?

**Chandler:** Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.

> personal ad n.自我简介，征婚广告

(He calls and quickly hangs up.)

**Phoebe:** How many beeps?

**Chandler:** She answered.

**Monica:** Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.

**Chandler:** I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.

> snub v.故意怠慢, 责骂, 压熄(香烟等), 冷落怠慢

(Rachel enters.)

**All:** Hey! Hi!

**Phoebe:** How'd he take it?

**Rachel:** Pretty well, actually... (Wandering into the kitchen.)

**Monica:** (wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?

> floss n.丝棉, 乱丝, 绣花丝线, [植]绒毛/dental floss n.牙线

**Rachel:** Oh, do I?

**Monica:** Uh huh.

**Rachel:** (in a low voice) We ended up having sex in his chair.

**Monica:** You had **sex** in his **chair**?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?

**Ross:** You-you had what?

**Phoebe:** Sex in his chair.

**Ross:** What, uh... what were you thinking?

**Rachel:** I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.

**Ross:** No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!

**Rachel:** Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?

(Ross flounders.)

> flounder vi.(在水中)挣扎, 困难地往前走, 踌躇, 发慌n.挣扎, 辗转, 比目鱼

**Chandler:** If it helps, I could slide over.

> slide over v.回避, 略过 to 过去一点

**Ross:** It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.

**Phoebe:** Where are you going?

**Ross:** (leaving) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life我有自己的人生要过, I have a jam packed schedule有很多事情要做, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?

> jam-packed adj.塞紧的,拥挤不堪的

(Ross exits, a phone rings, and Chandler dives for his phone.)

> dive for v.向...扑去,潜水寻找

**Chandler:** Hello? Hello?

(Rachel picks up their phone and the ringing stops. As she talks on the phone, an elaborate visual gag is spun out** which is too difficult to describe in words.)

> gag n.塞口物，笑话，插科打诨/ an elaborate visual gag精心设计的视觉笑话/spun out v.使某事尽可能地持续

**Rachel:** (on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.

**Chandler:** So how's Mindy?

**Rachel:** Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (Does so, on phone) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!

**Commercial Break**

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning. Chandler is sitting and staring at his phone. Monica enters and creeps up next to Chandler.]

> creep up next to sb 蹑手蹑脚地走向某人

**Monica:** Brrrrrrr!

(Chandler clutches at his phone before realising.)

> cluth at v.抓住

**Chandler:** Hell is filled with people like you.

**Joey:** (entering) He's back! The peeper's back!

> peeper n.偷窥者

(Rachel enters from her room.)

**Joey:** (ducking) Get down!

> ducking n. 钻入水中, 闪避, 急速的低头

**Rachel:** Get down?

**Chandler:** ...And boogie!

> boogie v.(随着摇摆舞音乐节奏)摆动身体n.[蔑]黑人

**Rachel:** Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.

> scratch(v.抓，挠)out v.划掉，勾去/ get my eyes scratched out by接受审判

**Monica:** Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.

**Rachel:** Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss.

> hear from sb 联系某人

**Joey:** (intrigued) Yeah?

> intrigue v.引起……兴趣或好奇心 or 策划阴谋

**Rachel:** And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman成了第三者! I feel so..

**Joey:** ..Naughty! adj.顽皮的, 淘气的, 不听话的, 没规矩的, 不适当的, 下流的

**Rachel:** Right, I'll see you guys later...

**Joey:** Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah...

(Joey exits.)

**Chandler:** Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?

**Monica:** Why don't you just take it with you?

**Chandler:** Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?

**Monica:** Why don't you just call her?

**Chandler:** I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.

**Monica:** Do you?

**Chandler:** No! (Calls) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! (Listens) I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. (Listens) Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. (Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...

> jig n.快步舞

**Monica:** Don't you have to pee?

**Chandler:** 'S'why I'm dancing...

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving coffee as Mindy enters.]

**Rachel:** Mindy.

**Mindy:** Hey, you.

**Rachel:** Hey, you.... So, what's up?

**Mindy:** Um.. we should really be sitting for this.

> sit for sth 为……而坐下来谈谈

**Rachel:** Sure we should... So.

**Mindy:** Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.

> bitter adj.苦的，痛苦的

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Mindy:** Will you be my maid of honour伴娘?

**Rachel:** Of course!

**Mindy:** Oh that's so great!

**Rachel:** Was that all you wanted to ask me?

**Mindy:** That's all!

**Rachel:** Ohhhh!! (Mindy starts to sob.) ...What? What?

**Mindy:** That's not all.

**Rachel:** Oh sure it is!

**Mindy:** Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city在这里有其他女人.

**Rachel:** Um, what- what would make you think that?

**Mindy:** Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like *Chanel*.

**Rachel:** (draws back退却) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.

**Mindy:** Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!

**Rachel:** What? What's what you were afraid of?

**Mindy:** Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.

**Rachel:** What?

**Mindy:** I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.

> propose to sb向……求婚

**Rachel:** Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.

**Mindy:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** (offers her arm to Mindy and she sniffs) Smell familiar?

**Mindy:** Oh no.

**Rachel:** Oh, I am so sorry.

**Mindy:** No me, I am so sorry...

(They hug and Joey enters.)

**Joey:** (watches them for a while) Oh my.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Ross are doing a crossword填字游戏or纵横字谜, Monica is cooking, and Chandler is still staring at his phone.]

**Ross:** Four letters: "Circle or hoop圈圈".

**Chandler:** Ring dammit, ring!

> hoop n.箍, 铁环, 戒指=ring

**Ross:** Thanks.

**Joey:** (entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.

**Chandler:** (investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!

> Mother of God n.圣母玛利亚

**Monica:** Just like you told her you did! (Chandler glares at her.) ... Just pointing out(v.指出) the irony(adj.=sarcastic).

**Joey:** Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman看门的人- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?

**Chandler:** Nngghhh!!!!!!!

**Joey:** (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.

**Ross:** "Heating device."

**Phoebe:** Radiator.

**Ross:** Five letters.

**Phoebe:** Rdtor.

**Joey:** (on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.

**Monica:** So she's a woman! So what?

**Joey:** Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear内衣裤, I shouldn't have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..

> free weight v.力量训练n.配重器材

**Monica:** Joey!!

**Joey:** (on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.

> brunette n.具有深褐色头发的白种女人/Brunei n.文莱

**Monica:** The green dress? Really?

**Joey:** Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.

> Ingrid Bergman 对面大楼有人用望远镜在偷窥，但乔伊打电话过去后，那个偷窥女子却说莫尼卡穿绿色衣服很好看，并说像“英格丽·褒曼(Ingrid Bergman)”，这是著名的美女明星，莫尼卡感到受宠若惊。

**Monica:** (waves dismissively to Sidney) Nooo!

> dismissively adv.轻视地，轻蔑地，不屑一顾地

[Scene: Barry's Office, Barry is preparing his tools alone as Rachel enters.]

**Rachel:** Hey. Got a second?

**Barry:** Sure, sure. Come on... (Mindy enters) ...in...

**Mindy:** Hello, sweetheart.

**Barry:** Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?

**Rachel:** Uh, we are here to break up with you.

**Barry:** Both of you?

**Mindy:** Basically, we think you're a horrible讨厌的 human being, and bad things should happen to you.

**Barry:** I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself自拔! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!

**Rachel:** Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?

**Barry:** ....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.

**Rachel:** Even when we were having sex in that chair?

**Barry:** (to Mindy) I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.

**Rachel:** Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!

> pick sb out挑选出某人/lineup n. 阵容, 阵形, 一组人

**Mindy:** (to Rachel) You did it twice?

**Rachel:** Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.

**Mindy:** Okay...

**Barry:** (to Mindy) Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again重新开始. We'll go back to Aruba.

**Bernice:** (over intercom) Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.

> retainer n.牙齿固定器/retain vt.保留，保持/detain v.拘留，留住，阻止

**Barry:** Oh God... (Into intercom) I'll be right there, Bernice. (to Mindy) Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.

(Barry exits)

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels **great**如果我抢着骂他/揍他了，你也不用有什么顾虑，上去给几拳，很爽的。

> be sweeting 满头大汗/hogging the ball 指双打时抢打同伴的球/rach 是把 barry 说成 the ball。

**Mindy:** Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.

**Rachel:** What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!

> devil n.魔鬼，恶棍/smock n.工作服/Satan in a smock n.衣冠禽兽

**Mindy:** Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.

> at the end of the day a.在一天的末了 b.到了最后, 在结束的时候, 在结帐的时候

**Rachel:** Oh God.

**Mindy:** I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?

**Rachel:** And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.]

**Monica:** You okay?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Really?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.

> run out on sb把某人甩了

**Monica:** Aww... (They hug)

(Joey enters and looks on approvingly.)

> approvingly adv.赞许地,满意地

**Joey:** Big day.

**Closing Credits**

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.]

**Joey:** All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser花生先生更加会打扮. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...

> monocle n.单片眼睛

**Phoebe:** You know he's gay?

**Ross:** I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?

> clarify vt.澄清，阐明=spell out/out vt.判……出局

**Danielle:** (entering) Chandler?

**Chandler:** Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.

**All:** Hi. Hi.

**Chandler:** What are you doing here?

**Danielle:** Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here来这里, and make sure you were okay.

**Chandler:** ...I'm, I'm okay.

**Danielle:** Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?

**Chandler:** That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...

**Danielle:** You got it.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Danielle:** G'bye, everybody.

**All:** Bye.

**Phoebe:** Whoo-hoo!

**Monica:** Yeah, there you go!

**Ross:** Second date!

**Chandler:** ...I dunno.

**Rachel:** You **don't know**?!

**Chandler:** Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?

> come all the way down here大老远的特地跑到这里来

(They all groan呻吟 and hit him..)

**End**