# S01E15

**The One With the Stoned Guy**

Written by: Jeff Greenstein & Jeff Strauss 
Transcribed by: Ruth Curran
Converted to HTML: by Dan Silverstein

*115 大麻客 公司提升钱德，但他毅然拒绝，因为他并非真正喜欢和数字打一辈子交道； 而他的老板却穷追猛打，不断允诺更高的薪水，最后钱德败阵，得以升职； （这可不正像六人行收山传闻不断却又拍了又拍！） 他洋洋得意对菲比炫耀他的新办公室和他招之即来的秘书小姐。 菲比的一个客户在找大厨，莫妮卡于是做菜应征； 不幸的是，此人来的路上吸食了大麻、神智不清、见啥吃啥，那个晚上简直就是个灾难。 罗斯和博物馆的女同事赛丽亚约会，赛丽亚想听他讲下流话； 罗斯——起初——还不大会讲……*

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving Joey, Ross, and Monica their drinks.]

**Rachel: **(to Joey) Coffee. (Hands it to him.)

**Joey:** Thank you.

**Rachel: **(to Ross) Cappuccino. (Hands it to him.)

**Ross: **Grazie.

> Grazie:当瑞秋给罗斯一杯“卡布其诺”咖啡时，罗斯用意大利文回了一句“谢谢(Grazie)”

**Rachel:** And a nice hot cider for Monica. (Hands it to her.)

> cider n.苹果酒

**Monica:** Aww, thank you. (Notices something.) Uh Rach?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?

> cinnamon n.[植物]肉桂, 桂皮, 肉桂色/eraser n.橡皮擦

**Rachel:** Oh! That's why. (Rachel checks behind her ear, and finds a cinamon stick.) I'm sorry!

(She takes the pencil out of Monica's coffee and Monica puts her cup down in disgust.)

**Opening Credits**

[Scene: Chandler's job, Chandler is typing data into his computer, he keeps typing even while taking a drink of coffee with one hand. One of his co-workers同事 walks by.]

**Woman:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a **very**flattering sleeve length on you.

> flattering adj. adj.谄媚的, 讨人欢喜的, 奉承的to好看的/sleeve length n.衣服

**Mrs. Tedlock:** Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.

**Chandler:** Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.

> prank n.恶作剧,玩笑/memo (memorandum的缩写)n.备忘录/have nothing to do with与……无关/rubber chicken橡皮鸡

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there but Chandler. Phoebe runs in, excitedly.]

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...

(Chandler comes in.)

**Chandler:** Hey!

**All:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Never mind算了. But it was going to be really good.

**Ross:** What's going on?

**All:** What is it?

**Chandler:** So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al老板 calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing电脑处理 supervisor主管.

**All:** That's great!

**Chandler:** So.... I quit辞职不干.

**All:** Why?

**Chandler:** Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!

> temp n.临时雇员

**Monica:** Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.

**Chandler:** If I took this promotion升职, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.

**Phoebe:** So was it a lot more money?

**Chandler:** It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.

(Everyone looks at him, confused.)

**Rachel:** ... the WENUS?

**Chandler:** Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.

> Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems每周估计净值使用系统/a processing term n.电脑处理术语

**Rachel:** (sarcastic) Oh. That WENUS.

**Joey:** So what're you going to do?

**Chandler:** I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.

**Phoebe:** Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? (pause) Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.

**Monica:** (taps Phoebe on her shoulder) Um... hi there.

**Phoebe:** Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....

**Chandler:** Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant只卖土司面包的饭店

**Phoebe:** (to作出反应 Monica's tapping) Yeah, yeah!

**Monica:** Well, what kind of food is he looking for?

**Phoebe:** Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.

> eclectic adj.折衷的;不拘一格的,兼收并蓄的to菜色丰富多彩的

**Monica:** (excited) Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?

**Chandler:** Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat我只是觉得自己还没有资格当厨师.

**Phoebe:** OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what你猜怎么着!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler walks in, wearing a suit.]

**Chandler:** Can you see my nipples through this shirt?

**Rachel:** No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.

**Phoebe:** Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?

> suity adj.西装笔挺的

**Chandler:** Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the "a-gogo."

> counsel n.<美正>忠告,劝告(He counseled her to leave)/counselor n.顾问,<美>律师/a-gogo adj. 精力充沛的,活泼的n.一个很搞笑有趣的人/ 事

**Rachel:** Career counselor?

**Chandler:** Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.

**Rachel:** I don't!

**Chandler:** Hey, you guys **in the living room** all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.

**Ross:** Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech.

> lesser-known adj.少有的

(Monica enters, excited.)

**Monica:** Oh, I love my life, I love my life!

**Phoebe:** Ooh! *Brian's Song*!

**Rachel:** The meeting with the guy went great?

**Monica:** So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.

**Chandler:** Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?

**Monica:** So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises啧啧赞叹.

> audition n.面试,试听,试镜,试吃/yummy n.美味

**Rachel:** What are you going to make?

**Phoebe:** (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.

**Rachel:** (pause) And Monica, what are **you** going to make?

**Monica:** I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!

**Phoebe:** Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)

**Ross:** Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood附近,邻近?

**Joey:** How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak牛肉, it's free.

**Ross:** OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma美洲狮?

**Chandler:** Who are you going out with?

**Phoebe:** Oh, is this the bug lady昆虫女?

**Rachel:** (trying to sound like a bug) Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.

**Ross:** Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.

> curator n.(博物馆,美术馆等的)馆长[这个词在210又出现,不过是curator of moths(蛾),Ross是不是爱好和女馆长date啊]

**Rachel:** So what are you guys going to do?

**Ross:** Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.

**Chandler:** And he's **not** speaking metaphorically(adj.隐喻性的, 比喻性的).

**Joey:** (aside在旁边 to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?

**Ross:** Well, I don't know.... (gestures) huh-huh.... but I'm hoping (gestures) huh-huh.

**Joey:** I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal一切都搞定.

> chick magnet n.<俚>像磁场一样吸引女人的人/furry adj.毛茸茸的,毛皮的/seal n.海豹，封铅, 封条, 印, 图章, 密封vt.封, 密封，<正式>解决,决定(eg:seal a bargain成交seal sb’s fate决定某人的命运)

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Marcel is hanging悬挂 from Celia's hair, and she is screaming, trying to get him off.]

**Ross:** Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...

> sooth v.使平静,使镇定;减轻(痛苦)/soothing adj.抚慰的,使人宽心的/tone n.音调,语调

**Celia:** I can't stand this! He's got his claws in my...

**Ross:** Alright... (lifts Marcel away)

> lift……away:将动物抬在背上使其离开

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there but Ross and Chandler. Monica is making food, and having everyone try it.]

**Monica:** (to Joey) OK, try this salmon mousse.

**Joey:** (tasting) Mmmm. Good.

**Monica:** Is it better than the other salmon mousse?

**Joey:** It's creamier更有奶油味的.

**Monica:** Yeah, well, is that **better**?

**Joey:** I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?

> whip v.搅打(蛋,奶油)/whipped fish搅成泡沫的鱼/keep it down吞下去,不吐出来

(Chandler kicks the door closed, angrily. His clothes are askew, he looks beat.)

> askew adv.adj.歪斜的/look beat看上去受挫了

**Rachel:** My God! What happened to you?

**Chandler:** Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."

> aptitude test n.(用以选择专业和技术工作的)能力倾向测验/ideally adv.理想地, 在观念上地,完美地/be suit for适合/data processing n.<计>资料处理/multinational corporation n.跨国公司

**Phoebe:** That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!

**Chandler:** Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really **cool**? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.

**Rachel:** (comes up and rubs him on the chest) Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!

**Monica:** (brings a plate of tiny appetizers开胃食品 over) Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.

> cheer up v.使振奋, 感到振奋

**Chandler:** Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.

**Monica:** It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer餐前点心. The French call it an *amouz-bouche.*

**Chandler:** (tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing...

> amouz-ing:实际上是amazing,Chandler故意搞怪

(Phone rings. Monica answers it.)

**Monica:** (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Wendy! (Listens) Yeah, eight o'clock. (Listens) What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... (Listens) OK, great. (Listens) All right, I'll see you then. Bye. (hangs up)

**Phoebe:** Ten dollars an hour for what?

**Monica:** Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.

**Rachel:** (hurt) Waitressing?

**Joey:** Uh-oh.

**Monica:** Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...

**Rachel:** But, but?

**Monica:** But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.

**Rachel:** Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.

**Chandler:** You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. (dead silence) *Amouz-bouche*? (holds out tray)

> brag v.n.吹牛皮,夸口/Innsbruck n.因斯布鲁克[奥地利西部城市]/hold out伸出/ Innsbruck:当莫尼卡批评瑞秋当女侍应太业余时，瑞秋开玩笑说她想保持业余身份，这样好去奥运会当侍应。钱德勒这时插进来说，他倒确实在1976年的因斯布鲁克(Innsbruck)当过侍应。因斯布鲁克在奥地利，是世界著名的旅游和冬季滑雪运动胜地，1964年和1976年举办过两届冬奥会。但根据剧中人物年龄推算，钱德勒1976年还小得很，所以众人对他的这句话一片沉默。

[Scene: Ross' apartment, *Girl, You'll Be A Woman Soon *(the original原作, not that cruddy加工 Urge Overkill version) is playing. Ross and Celia are kissing passionately.]

**Celia:** Talk to me.

**Ross:** OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...

**Celia:** No no no. Talk... dirty猥亵的.

**Ross:** (embarrassed) Wha... what, here?

**Celia:** Yes...

**Ross:** Ah....

**Celia:** Say something..... **hot**.

**Ross:** (panicked惊慌的) Er.... um.....

**Celia:** What?

**Ross:** Um... uh.... vulva n.阴户, 孔.

**Commercial Break**

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Ross are there, discussing what happened last night.]

**Joey:** (in disbelief) **Vulva**?

**Ross:** Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise她把我吓了一跳. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.

> cuddle v.拥抱,怀抱(cuddle a child)to爱抚

**Joey:** (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??

**Ross:** Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?

**Joey:** What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.

**Ross:** (deadpan<俚>无表情的脸) Please be kidding开什么玩笑.

**Joey:** Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.

**Ross:** OK. (closes eyes) I'm in my apartment...

**Joey:** ....yeah... what else?

**Ross:** That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation我们不能进行那样的谈话. (gets up, walks across room)

**Joey:** (walks to catch up to him) Alright, look, I'll start, OK?

**Ross:** Joey, please.

**Joey:** Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me **now**.

**Ross:** (impressed) Wow.

**Joey:** Alright, now you say something.

**Ross:** I... ahem... I really don't think so.

**Joey:** Come on! You like this woman, right?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** You want to see her again, right?

**Ross:** Sure.

**Joey:** Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!

> caress v.n.爱抚,抚摸

**Ross:** OK, turn around转过去. (Joey looks taken aback向后转身) I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.

**Joey:** (turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.

**Ross:** Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.

**Joey:** There you go! Keep going. Keep going!

**Ross:** I, er...

(At this point在这个节骨眼, Chandler walks into the living room from his bedroom. Ross and Joey both have their backs to背对着 him, so they don't notice注意. Chandler sees the situation and remains quiet, watching.)

**Ross:** I want to take my tongue舌头... and...

(Chandler is completely astounded.)

> astound vt.使惊骇, 使大吃一惊

**Ross:** ....and....

**Joey:** Say it... say it!

**Ross:** ...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...

(Chandler leans back向后倾斜 against the wall and Ross and Joey hear him. Ross and Joey both notice at the same time. They slowly stop, and then very slowly turn around to see Chandler staring at them.)

**Chandler:** (smiling)....with??

**Ross:** (rushing to explain急忙解释) Funny story!

**Joey:** You're not going to believe this!

**Chandler:** It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.

> root for v.支持, 赞助/get together 在一起

**Joey:** Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.

**Chandler:** Again?

**Joey:** And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (tosses phone to Chandler) And again.

**Chandler:** (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying令人满足的 to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure年度红利结构 you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)

> on top of adv.熟练掌握, 在...之上, 另外, 紧接着to另外的,之外的/I'm not playing hardball我并不是要为难你,来硬的[在209中也有这样的说法] eg:The government promises to play hardball with companies who cheat in business. In the past, it was okay for a renter to be late in payments – now the landlord is playing hardball, and evicting(v.驱逐) families after one late payment. /rejection n.拒绝/You've got the wrong guy你们看错人了/

[Scene: Chandler's new window office, he is showing Phoebe around.]

**Chandler:** Well?

**Phoebe:** (excited) Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.

> cubicle n.小卧室, 这里指办公室一格一格的小办公空间 /cube n.立方体,立方/this is a cube这才像话

**Chandler:** Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)

**Phoebe:** Oh! You have a window!

**Chandler:** Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...

> indeedy int.<美口>=indeed

**Phoebe:** Oh look! That guy's peeing!

**Chandler:** (walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.

> have enough of(对某人或某事)感到厌烦

**Phoebe:** (sitting) OK.

**Chandler:** This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment?

(An unamused woman walks into the office.)

> unamused adj.非娱乐性的,脸色难看的

**Chandler:** Thank you Helen, that'll be all.

(She leaves, obviously perturbed.)

> perturb v.<正式>使不安,使烦恼

**Chandler:** Last time I do that, I promise.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is on the phone. Rachel walks in and overhears无意中听到 the conversation.]

**Monica:** (shouting on phone) Wendy, we had a deal我们之间有约定! (Listens) Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! (hangs up)

**Rachel:** Who was that?

**Monica:** Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.

> bail v.背叛[在114出现过这个词,Joey对Chan说的]

**Rachel:** Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. (she walks away towards the door)

**Monica:** Ten dollars an hour.

**Rachel:** No.

**Monica:** Twelve dollars an hour.

**Rachel:** Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around到处走走,散步.

**Monica:** You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you我在那边支持你. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... (Rachel isn't buying it, desperate) twenty dollars an hour.

> buy it 放弃;同意/desperate adj.不顾一切的, 拚死的, 令人绝望的

**Rachel:** Done成交.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, later. Rachel is waitressing, Monica is cooking. Phoebe walks in with Steve (*Crystal Duck* winner Jon Lovitz).]

**Rachel:** Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?

**Monica:** Hi Steve!

**Steve:** Hello, Monica. (to Rachel) Hello, greeter girl招待小姐.

**Monica:** (to Steve) This is Rachel.

**Steve:** (unconcerned) Yeah, OK.

**Phoebe:** (overemphasizing过于强调) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.

**Steve:** It's a lovely apartment.

**Monica:** Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour(n.参观整套房间)?

**Steve:** I was just being polite, but, alright.

(They leave on the tour and Rachel goes to follow them but Phoebe stops her and drags her into the kitchen.)

**Rachel:** What's up?

**Phoebe:** (whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.

> blaze up v.燃烧起来, 发怒/doobie n.草

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?

> joint n.<俚>含大麻的香烟/hemp n.大麻=bone,doobie,Ganja

**Rachel:** OK, OK. I'm with you, *****Cheech. OK.

**Steve:** (from the living room) Is it dry干燥 in here? (licks his lips)

**Rachel:** Let me, let me get you some wine!

**Monica:** Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course菜. (Steve sits, Monica brings over a tray) OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... (Steve starts to eat them one by one, quickly)... with just a touch of mints... and... (he finishes)... ginger.

> rot v.n.(使)腐烂, (使)腐败/shrimp n.虾/ravioli n.馄饨/rot-shrimp ravioli n.石虾小方饺/a toucho of一点点/mint n.薄荷/ginger n.生姜

**Steve:** Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!

> smack v.(用掌)拍击

**Monica:** I'm so glad you liked them!

**Steve:** Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!

**Monica:** Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these这些是所有的了. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.

> onion tartlet洋葱馅饼

**Steve:** Tartlets. Tartlets. Tartlets. The word has lost all meaning. (he gets up and goes into the kitchen)

**Rachel:** Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?

**Steve:** You know, I don't know what I'm looking for.

(Rachel tries to get Monica's attention to tell her Steve is stoned. She pretends to drag on a joint, and Monica thinks she's giving her the 'OK' signal. Then Rachel does it again, inhaling deeply this time. Monica waves it off as though she doesn't believe it.)

> get sb’s attention引起某人的注意/be stoned<非正>adj.烂醉的,在毒品刺激下的/drag on a joint抽大麻/inhale v.吸气

**Steve:** (from kitchen) Ah, cool! Taco shells! (Rachel motions, "You see!") You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.

> Taco n.(墨西哥）玉米面豆卷/shell n.壳/motion v.示意/envelope n.信封/corn envelope玉米卷

**Monica:** (joining him and taking the taco shells) You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite(n.食欲,胃口).

**Steve:** (looking in cabinets) Hey! Sugar-O's! (grabs the cereal box)

> cabinet n.(有抽屉或格子的)橱柜 <美>内阁/cereal n.谷类食品

**Monica:** You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...

**Steve:** Macaroni and cheese! We gotta make this!

> macaroni n.[食]通心面/gotta=have got to<美俚>必须,得

**Monica:** No, we don't. (reaches for box)

> reach for伸手拿东西

**Steve:** Oh, OK. (he drops the box on the floor) Oh, sorry. (When she bends down弯腰 to pick it up he grabs a package of Gummi-bears from the cabinet.)

> Gummi—bear:古米熊，原是一种卡通玩具，但后来制成著名的水果软糖。剧中吸多了毒品的斯蒂夫偷莫尼卡的古米熊软糖吃。

**Monica:** Why don't you just have a seat(=sit down) here? (he sits at the table, then tries to secretly背地里 eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.) OK... give me the Gummi-bears.

**Steve:** (childishly) No.

**Monica:** Give them to me.

**Steve:** Alright, we'll share.

**Monica:** No, give me the...

**Steve:** Well then you can't have any. (she grabs for the package, and it breaks open. Gummi-bears fly everywhere, some into the punch bowl on the table.) Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. (he throws some Sugar-O's into the punch bowl) Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! (Mimicking the bears) "Help! I'm drowning! Help!"

> break open v.砸开, <美>现出/ punch bowl n.盛潘趣酒的大酒杯/overboard adv.自船上落下, 在船外/drowning n.溺死

**Monica:** (furious狂怒的) That's it! Dinner is over!

**Steve:** What?

**Monica:** **What?**

**Steve:** Why?

**Monica:** Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?

(The oven goes off烤箱预定的时间到了.)

**Steve:** (excited) Hey!

[Scene: Central Perk, all are there except Chandler.]

**Joey:** What a tool!

> tool n.<俚>走狗,王八蛋

**Rachel:** You don't want to work for a guy like that.

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Monica:** I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.

**Ross:** Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.

> get there [美口]成功, 达到目的

**Phoebe:** Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking骗人.

(Ross gets up and goes over to the counter and Joey follows him.)

**Joey:** (to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?

> go with v.和(异性)交朋友,交往

**Ross:** Oh, I was unbelievable.

**Joey:** All right, Ross!

**Ross:** I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have **ever** heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.

> elaborate adj.精心制作的, 详细阐述的, 精细的to最具巧思的/filth n.污秽,污物;淫猥/plot line情节线索/motif n.(=theme)(文艺作品的)主题，主旨/at one point在其中某段/villager n.村民to村夫与村姑/James Michener:罗斯碰到了一个喜欢亲热时爱人在耳边说些黄段子的女子，罗斯虽然一开始不习惯，但最后却变成了讲黄色语句的詹姆斯·米切纳(James Michener)。这是美国著名的历史学家，以善于虚构、详述历史事实闻名。罗斯是形容他已经将黄段子提升到了有角色、有情节的地步。

**Joey:** Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?

**Ross:** Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...

**Joey:** You cuddled.

**Ross:** Yeah, which was nice.

**Phoebe:** You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?

> late movie n.晚场电影

**Rachel:** Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?

**Joey:** Yeah, where the hell is he?

[Scene: Chandler's office, he's on the phone, agitated.]

> agitate v.鼓动,激动

**Chandler:** (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about担心,在乎 it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....

**Closing Credits**

[Scene: Phoebe's massage parlour按摩室, she has Steve on the table, and is giving him an extra-painful massage特痛按摩.]

**Phoebe:** How's this? (presses down hard)

**Steve:** Eeeee!

**Phoebe:** Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)

**Steve:** Aaaaah!

**Phoebe:** See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere在别处)

**Steve:** No.

**Phoebe:** What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)

**Steve:** Aaaaahhh!!

**Phoebe:** There you go这就对了! (She continues to work him over with her elbows and he continues to yell in pain.)

> work over v.检查, 研究, 重做, 殴打

**End**