# S01E17

**The One With Two Parts, Part 2**

Written by: Marta Kauffman and David Crane.
Transcribed by: Tennant Stuart and Mindy Mattingly.

## 文末福利：橄榄球用语大全

*117 双胞胎两部曲（二）*

*莫妮卡带瑞秋上医院；*

*瑞秋没买保险，所以她和莫妮卡身份互换——*

*当两名帅哥医生（由《ER急诊室的春天》里的乔治克鲁尼（wa!）和诺亚怀利客串演出）要约会她俩时，情况变得复杂化。瑞秋认为应坦白她们的身份，莫妮卡坚持要保守秘密，两人争吵，结果在两位医生前互曝其短。*

*罗斯没有信心当一个好爸爸；他在朋友们中寻找帮助，并向父亲咨询。*

*乔伊继续约会乌苏拉，后者成为他和菲比的朋友关系中的障碍——他错过了菲比的生日；乌苏拉甩了乔伊并拒绝接他电话，菲比找她问个究竟；菲比假扮乌苏拉去和乔伊摊牌并试图抚慰他的伤心，乔伊吻了她，后意识到她是菲比。（很感人哦！）*

*马赛尔被拼字游戏的字块卡住喉咙，只能送医院；*

*罗斯发现他可以担负起为人父的责任。*

*丑陋裸男买了个呼啦圈。*

**Opening Credits**

[Scene: An Emergency Room, Rachel and Monica enter. Rachel is limping and leaning on Monica for support.]

> limp: vi跛行

**Rachel**: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.

(They reach the desk. The bored nurse thinks she's heard it all before.)

**Monica**: Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.

**Nurse**: My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?

(Rachel glares at the nurse, who gives Monica a form attached to a clipboard.)

> a form attached to a clipboard: 一张表格附着在有纸夹的笔记板上

**Nurse**: Fill this out and bring it back to me.

> Fill this out:填写表格

(Monica helps Rachel over to a vacant seat.)

**Rachel**: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.

(Monica starts on the form, while Rachel catches her breath and massages her ankle.)

> starts on the form：开始填表格

**Monica**: Okay, ooh, alright. Name, address... Okay, in case of emergency, call?

**Rachel**: You.

**Monica**: Really?

**Rachel**: Yeah.

**Monica**: Oh, that is so sweet. (Touched, she puts an arm around her friend and kisses her.) Oh gosh, love you. Insurance?

**Rachel**: Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.

**Monica**: (No longer touched) you don't have insurance?

**Rachel**: Why, how much is this gonna cost?

**Monica**: I have no idea, but X-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.

**Rachel**: Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?

**Monica**: Well there's not much we can do.

**Rachel**: (Like a big baby) Um... unless, unless I use yours.

**Monica**: Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.

**Rachel**: (Tapping the clipboard) well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?

**Monica**: (Looking around to check that no-one's listening, then lowering her voice anyway) That's insurance fraud.

> insurance fraud：保险诈骗

**Rachel**: Well, alright, then, forget it. (Getting up to go) Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!

**Monica**: (Jumping up to make Rachel sit down) Okay, okay. I hate this.

**Rachel**: Thank you. Thank you. I love you.

**Monica**: (to the nurse) Hi, (tiny laugh) um, I'm gonna need a new set of (tiny laugh) these forms (tiny laugh).

> Tiny laugh:一阵干笑 /a set of forms一组表格

**Nurse**: Why?

**Monica**: (Tiny laugh) I am really an idiot. (Tiny laugh) you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, (tiny laugh) I put mine.

**Nurse**: You **are** an idiot. (She hands over a blank form).

> Hand over移交

**Monica**: (Tiny laugh) yep, that's me, (tiny laugh) I am **that** stupid (tiny laugh).

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, has split up his newspaper so Joey can look at the [funnies](file:///H:/%E5%85%AD%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C1/Friends%20-%20S01EP17%20-%20The%20Two%20Parts%20-%202.htm#%20comic%20strips#%20comic%20strips), while Ross's inappropriate joke at Lamaze class has come back to haunt him.]

> split up his newspaper将报纸分离开/funnies报上登载连环图画的版面

**Ross**: I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.

**Chandler** ** and Joey**: That's nice.

**Ross**: No, no, **with** him. (He mimes holding the baby like a football.) I'm on this field, and they, they **hike** me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the TampaBay defence is comin' right **at** me.

> Mime v.模仿，以哑剧的形式表演/hike me：叫我/the Tampa Bay defence:坦帕湾的防守队员

**Joey**: TampaBay's got a terrible team.

**Ross**: Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just **heave** it down field.

> Heave it down field:传球至球场的另一侧/heave v.掷(重物)，举起

**Chandler**: What are you crazy? That's a baby!

**Joey**: He should take the sack?take the sack(n.大麻袋)：擒抱

**Ross**: Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that **I'm** the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am **so** not ready to be a father.there is no way不可能

**Chandler**: Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.

**Joey**: Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.block阻挡

(Feeling a little better, Ross fetches more coffee.)

**Joey**: Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?

> Rainbow Room 
> 乔伊准备不惜血本请厄苏拉去“彩虹厅(Rainbow Room)”，这是纽约洛克斐勒中心通用电器大楼顶楼的高级餐厅，可以俯视整个曼哈顿地区。但最后，厄苏拉却放了乔伊鸽子 。

**Chandler**: Well, only if you order stuff.

**Joey**: I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.

**Ross**: Wo-wo-whoa. What about **Phoebe's** birthday?

**Joey**: When's that?

**Ross**: Tonight.

**Joey**: Oh, man. What're the odds(n.可能性) of that happening?怎么那么巧

(Joey begins to contemplate his ill fortune.)

> contemplate(v.凝视, 沉思, 预期, 企图) his ill fortune:沉思他的坏运气

**Ross**: You take your time.好好想想吧

(Joey looks at his friends, thinks a bit more, then realises.)

**Chandler**: There it is! So what're you gonna do?

**Joey**: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.

> Screw it up(a.扭曲面孔b.把纸揉成团c.[俚]弄糟，损坏) with Ursula：让乌苏拉不开心

**Chandler**: And your friend Phoebe?

**Joey**: Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?

**Chandler**: Man, if you tried something like that on **my** birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.

> you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit：那你看见的肯定不会是一个好脸色

> the business end=the receving end承受方,受害人,受气包.

> have a hissy(adj.嘘声的) fit（n.突发的感情）:因为一些小事而发飙生气或freak out

(Joey gestures to show that he wouldn't dare...)

[Scene: The Hospital, Monica and Rachel are waiting for the doctors to arrive. They enter and are played扮演 by Noah Wyle and George Clooney.]

**Dr. Mitchell**: ..you add a pinch of saffron, it makes all the difference就会完全改观.

> A pinch(n.一撮，少量) of saffron:少量番红花

(They approach the young ladies. Dr. Mitchell consults Ms.Geller's admissions form有点像中国医院里面的挂号.)

**Dr. Mitchell**: Okay, errrr, Monica?

**Monica**: Yes? (jumping as Rachel punches(v.用拳猛击) her arm) ..yes, she is.

**Rachel** (as Monica): Hi, this is my friend Rachel.

**Monica** (as Rachel): Hi.

**Dr. Mitchell**: (Smiling) Hi, err Rachel. I'm Dr.Mitchell.

**Dr. Rosen**: (Smiling even more and attempting to take over接管) And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen.

(Monica and Rachel smile back prettily.)

**Rachel**: Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor?

**Dr. Rosen**: Excuse me?

**Rachel**: I meant er, (struggling to concentrate) young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.

**Monica** (as Rachel): Thank you.

**Rachel** (as Monica): Right.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone but Joey is waiting for Phoebe to arrive for her surprise birthday party. Rachel and Monica is telling Chandler about Rachel's incident.]

**Rachel**: ..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.sprain v./n.扭伤

**Monica**: Uh, you left out the stupid part.left out:遗漏，省去

**Rachel**: Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."

**Monica**: I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.

> The scene of the crime犯罪现场/I say blow off the date我看还是取消约会吧

**Rachel**: What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, (spelling it out in the air for her slow friend) cute doctors, doctors who are cute!spell it out:清楚地说明/in the air：凭空

**Chandler**: Alright, what have we learned so far?

(There is a knock at the door. Someone turns the music off, then the whole party runs and hides, except for Monica and Rachel who answer their door. Ross stands in the doorway, holding a box, but everyone is too keyed up to notice that it's him.)

> answer their door:应门/doorway:门口/key up v.激动

**The Whole Party**: (Jumping up) **SURPRISE!!!**

(Ross is so startled that he throws his arms up to defend himself. The box takes off起飞, then lands降落 with a squishy thud, its contents oozing out onto the floor. Ross is not pleased.)

> squish ：vt.压扁, 压烂/a squishy thud粘糊糊的砰的一声/ooze out:流出,(液体)慢慢流出

**Ross**: What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.你们把我吓坏了

> Crap=shit屎

**Rachel**: Was that the cake?

**Ross**: Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush柠檬口味/schmush= schmutz n.垃圾

**Monica**: Come on, she'll be here any minute.

(The whole party gathers round as Ross puts the box on the coffee table.)gather round:聚集

**Rachel**: I hope it's okay.

(As Ross opens the lid盖子, everybody looks at the mess inside.)

**Monica**: Oh...

**Chandler**: (Reading) "Happy Birthday Peehe."phoebe to peehe

**Monica**: Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses.

(Phoebe quietly wanders in, to join the tableau.)

> tableau：戏剧性场面

**Ross**: (Still annoyed) Yeah, we'll just use our special **cake** tools.

**Phoebe**: Hey, what's going on?

**Ross**: Oh, we just...

**Phoebe's Friends**: (Finally noticing the guest of honour) **Surprise!**

**Phoebe**: (Delighted) oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! (Thrilled发抖的) You found Betty! Oh my god! (Hugging people) This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, (still happy) Where's Joey?

(The party falls flat. Chandler tries to think of a witticism, but even he can't help...)

> wit:机智而幽默的人或能力witticism：n.妙语，俏皮话

**Chandler**: Did you see Betty?

(Betty waggles小幅度摆动 her fingers to say "Hi", but Phoebe feels her birthday has been ruined by her twin.)

[Scene: A Restaurant, Ross is having lunch with his father who is examining his next forkful.]

> examine his next forkful(n.一叉的量):打量他下一叉要吃的东西

**Mr. Geller:** I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried晒干的 tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune梅干，李子, I'd say "get out of my office!"

**Ross**: Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?freak out:紧张

**Mr. Geller:** I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash破折号;

**Ross**: Dad, dad, dad, I'm talking about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky惊慌失措, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?

**Mr. Geller:** No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?be around来访

**Ross**: No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.

**Mr. Geller:** 'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?Colonial Williamsburg:威廉斯堡殖民地

> 在孩子出生前有点焦虑的罗斯向父亲请教，他当年是否紧张过。老盖勒却提出，他当 时忙着工作，没有好好陪罗斯，他问罗斯现在想不想一起去“威廉斯堡殖民地(Colonial Williamsburg)”。这是美国的一个著名旅游景点，展现当年在威廉斯堡殖民时期的生活， 很有欧洲风味，老盖勒认为罗斯会喜欢。

**Ross**: Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?

**Mr. Geller:** Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.

> fist n.拳头/squeeze v.挤压

(Ross is so moved by his father's charming story, that he stops eating.)

**Mr. Geller:** So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?

**Ross**: No, we can go to Williamsburg.

**Mr. Geller:** Eat your fish.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is just getting off动身 of the intercom and turns off the TV which is still in the SAP mode.]

**Monica**: Rachel, the cute doctors are here.

**Rachel**: (entering from her room) Okay, coming!

(Monica opens the door for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Geoffrey.)

**Monica**: Hi, come on in.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hey.

**Monica**: Hi, Geoffrey.

**Rachel**: Hi.

**Dr. Rosen:** Ah here, we brought wine.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?

> cellar n.酒窖/resist vi.忍得住

> Ernest and Tova Borgnine 
> 瑞秋和莫尼卡在医院巧遇的大夫来拜访，带上了一瓶“欧内斯特和托娃·博格宁”地窖里的酒。欧内斯特·博格宁是著名的男演员，曾凭借《君子好逑》一片获得过奥斯卡奖男主角奖，托娃是他的夫人。他们俩对酒类的收藏在美国是有名的，所以米切尔医生说，我们怎么能抵御购买这瓶酒的诱惑呢?

**Rachel**: Oh, that's great. Look at that.

**Dr. Rosen:** So, Monica, how's the ankle?

**Monica**: It's uh...

(Rachel discreetly谨慎小心的 coughs to warn her.)

**Monica** (as Rachel): ..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, **is** your ankle.

**Rachel** (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT随便坐!

(Rachel joins Monica who is in the kitchen area, opening the wine bottle. Rachel checks that the doctors aren't listening, then lowers her voice anyway.)

**Rachel**: Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.

**Monica**: It will **not** be fine. We'll get in trouble.

**Rachel**: Oh, Monica! Would you **stop** being such a **wuss**?wuss:n.[俚]胆小鬼

**Monica**: A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, okay?

(Back at the couch, Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Rosen have concerns of their own.)concern of their own n.他们自己关注的事

**Dr. Mitchell:** So?

**Dr. Rosen:** So... they sss-still seem normal.

**Dr. Mitchell:** That's because they are.

**Dr. Rosen:** (Nervously) okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...

**Dr. Mitchell:** Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. (Baring his teeth to clean them with his finger) Go like this. (Dr. Rosen obeys.)

> Pagan altar:异教徒的祭坛/bare his teeth v.露出牙齿

(Meanwhile, back at the sink水槽.)

**Monica**: I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.

**Rachel**: (Resenting the truth) I am **not a baby!** You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...

> resent the truth 对事实感到愤恨/uptight: adj.紧张的

**Monica**: Sure, every time, you're such a princess...

**Rachel**: You know what?

**Monica**: What?

**Rachel**: You know what?

**Monica**: What!?

**Rachel**: You know what?

**Monica**: (getting angry) **What!!?**

**Rachel**: Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother.

(Rachel brightly limps back across the apartment with glasses of wine for the cute doctors, leaving an open-mouthed Monica in her wake.)

> open-mouthed adj. 目瞪口呆的，惊愕得张大嘴的

**Rachel**: Hello! Here we go!

**Dr. Rosen:** This is a great place. How long have you lived here?

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Yeah... (joining the others) ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.

(Rachel tries to hide her alarm, but she squirms in her chair.)

> hide her alarm:掩盖恐慌/squirm v. a.扭动b.局促不安

**Dr. Mitchell:** Really?

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus鹰嘴豆沙?

**Dr. Rosen:** So, Monica, what do you do?

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown住宅区.

**Dr. Rosen:** Good for you.有两手，真厉害

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Yeah it is, mostly because I get to **boss** people around, which I just **love** to do.

> boss sb around指挥别人，使别人团团转

**Dr. Rosen:** This hummus is great.

**Dr. Mitchell:** God bless the chickpea鹰嘴豆.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!

(The doctors don't know what to make of all this.)make of对待

**Rachel:** (as Monica) And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow大型母兽?

**Monica:** (as Rachel) I used to wet my bed尿床.

**Rachel:** (as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) (Revealing her anger to point at her best friend) **We both do that!**

(Rachel lets her anger show too. Hideously embarrassed, the doctors drain their glasses in the vicious pause which follows. The telephone rings, but the girls just glower at each other, silently daring the other to move first. Finally both guys jump up, and Michael wins.)

> hideous adj.丑陋的，可怕的/drain sth in=down sth喝干/the vicious pause恶意的沉默/glower at怒目而视/dare v.向……挑战，激……

**Dr. Mitchell:** (on the phone) Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... (handing it to Monica) ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. (Getting up to move further away from Rachel) li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...

(Monica glares triumphantly across the room, scaring Rachel who also stands up.)

**Rachel**: Would you excuse me for a second?

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Remember back in freshman year? (Talking fast before Rachel can catch her) Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.

(Completely undone by Monica's verbal destruction, Rachel almost loses her balance as she staggers backwards, eyes agog, gasping for breath, and literally not knowing which way to turn. Finally, she escapes into the bathroom while a resigned Dr. Mitchell looks philosophically at Dr. Rosen who seems about remind him of the good old days at the pagan altar.)

> undone v.废弃，破灭，诋毁/verbal destruction口头污蔑/eyes agog眼神焦急/gasp for breath上气不接下气/literally adv a.逐字地b.用于加强语气,简直……/resign v.辞去/resigned adj.听天由命的/look philosophically at泰然自若地看着/remind sb of使某人回忆起

**Commercial Break**

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Ross, Phoebe, Chandler and Monica sit round the coffee table, playing Scrabble. Rachel, still in her dressing gown, is pleading on the phone, her free hand shaking with agitation.]

> dressing gown睡衣/plead v.辩护,申辩/ her free hand shaking with agitation她空出的那只手激动地摇摆着

> Scrabble 这是美国小孩很爱玩的拼字游戏，基本规则是，每人抓取七个字母，第一个玩的人拼成一个单词，摆放在棋盘中央，第二个根据已经摆放出来的字母和自己手中的字母，像玩填字游戏一样继续下去。每个字母都有不同的分数，拼出一个单词就可以得到相应的分数。剧中，猴子马塞尔偷偷吃下了K、M和O这三个字母，所以大家开玩笑说他是否想拼出猴子(Monkey)这个词。

**Rachel**: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing "You are...") ...dead!

> put you out of business使你倒闭破产/claspe the receiver to her bosom(=boobies):将接受器or电话扣紧在胸前/mouth v.不出声地说

(Monica smiles a sweet apology of regret, until she's distracted by Marcel as he clambers(=climbed) all over her nice furniture.)

**Monica**: Ross, he's got the remote again.

**Ross**: Good. Maybe **he** can switch it back.

(Marcel changes channel to Bugs Bunny, who is speaking in Spanish.)

**Ross**: Maybe not.

(Meanwhile, Rachel has taken another call, from a nurse she'd hoped never to hear from again.)

**Rachel**: Hello? (Listens) Um, yeah, uh, (snapping her fingers at Ross who takes the remote from Marcel, then turns off the TV) Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.

> snap her fingers at sb:向某人捻拇指

(All animosity forgotten, Rachel holds the receiver out as she limps quickly over to her friend, who stands up in concern.)

> animosity n.仇恨,憎恨/stand up in concern 站着关注(事态的发展)

**Rachel**: It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...

**Rachel and Monica**: Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?

**Monica**: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!

**Rachel**: Okay (desperately hands the receiver over) no, you do it.

**Monica:** (taking the phone) Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... (Smiles at Rachel to reassure her) Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.(Listens) Thank you. (Hangs up)

> reassure 使……安心，打消……疑虑/we’ll be right down我们马上就来

**Rachel**: What?

**Monica**: We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.

**Rachel**: Ohhh... (slumping in relief) Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.

> slump(v.消沉，暴跌) in relief:心中大石顿时落下

**Monica**: Thank you.

**Rachel**: Okay, let me just change让我换下衣服.

**Monica**: Yes.

(Rachel goes to her room.)

**Joey**: (entering quietly) Hey.

**Ross and Chandler**: Hey!

**Monica**: Hi.

**Phoebe**: Trouble?

**Joey**: Your sister stood me up the other night.你妹妹放了我两天的鸽子

**Phoebe**: Oh, no. Don't you **hate** it when people aren't **there** for you?

**Ross**: Well did you try calling **her**?

**Joey**: I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.

> blow sb off=dump sb甩了某人

(Phoebe wants to be angry with Joey, but as she watches him shaking his head in pain and disbelief, she knows that it isn't his fault.)

[Scene: Riff's, Phoebe is entering. Ursula returns with two plates of chicken, but she only has time to set放置 one on the table, when...]

**Phoebe**: Hey.

(Ursula turns in surprise.)

**Ursula**: Oh!

**Phoebe**: Um you, you got a minute你有时间吗?

**Ursula**: Um, yeah, I'm just... (waving dismissively at the concept) ..working.

> Wave dismissively at the concept:对这个概念不屑一顾地挥了下手

(Ursula points out a vacant table, so the twins walk over, side by side, to sit down. Departing customers walk right past the pair. Sitting at the back, a hungry gentleman looks most annoyed as Ursula sets his meal down in front of her. The girls sit.)

**Phoebe**: So.

**Ursula**: Uh-huh.

(Ursula is genuinely真诚地，真地 pleased that her sister has visited her, after so many years. Phoebe hesitates over how best to begin.)

**Phoebe**: Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.

(Ursula picks up a fork and begins eating the meat, while Phoebe removes a present from her bag.)

**Ursula**: Oh, wow! You remembered! (Opening it) Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos!

> Judy Jetson 菲比为了乔伊去见厄苏拉，并给他送上了生日礼物，这是一个“茱迪·简特森(Judy Jetson)”保温瓶。茱迪是美国著名动画电视系列片《简特森一族》中的人物，这是美国第一部彩色动画片。

(She laughs at the childhood memory. Phoebe smiles at being able to make her point.)

> make one's point:说服别人赞成自己的观点

**Phoebe**: Right, like the kind you...

**Ursula**: Right... Oh, I got something for you, too.

(Ursula gets up to fetch a box from her bag by the counter.)

**Phoebe**: How'd you know I was coming?

**Ursula**: Um, yeah, um, twin thing.

(Ursula puts the box directly into Phoebe's hand. Phoebe brightens.)

> brighten vi.（一下子）愉快

**Phoebe**: I can't believe you did this.

(Phoebe opens the box, to find something familiar inside.)

**Phoebe**: I can't believe you... (holding up Joey's cardigan开襟羊毛衫) ..did this.

(Phoebe's smile hardens as she packs the cardigan away.)

> smile harden笑容变得僵硬起来

**Phoebe**: So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?

**Ursula**: Oh, right. He is so great. But that's over.

(Ursula resumes eating her lunch..)

**Phoebe**: Does he **know**?

**Ursula**: Who?

**Phoebe**: Joey. You know, um, he's really nutsy about you.

> be nutsy about对……疯狂，痴迷

**Ursula**: He is? Why?

**Phoebe**: You got me你把我问倒了.

**Ursula**: Right.

(A waiter comes over for the stolen chicken. Ursula turns to him.)

**Ursula**: Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad?

(The man gives up, shaking his head.)

**Phoebe**: So, um, are you gonna call him?

**Ursula**: What? (Indicating the departing waiter) Do you think he likes me?

**Phoebe**: No, **Joey**.

**Ursula**: Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out明了. (Offering to share her food) Do you want some chicken?

**Phoebe**: No. No food with a face.

**Ursula**: You have not changed!

(Ursula's eyes dance眼神游离 as she laughs and smiles, simply glad to be back with her sister.)

**Phoebe**: Yeah, you too.

(Trying not to wrinkle her nose, Phoebe smiles back realising it's down to her to make up for her negligent sister. Meanwhile, Ursula still hasn't received her side salad, but when she attempts to attract the waiter's attention, he ignores her.)

> wrinkle her nose使鼻子起皱纹/it's down to her to make up for her negligent sister，她应当补偿她疏忽已久的妹妹

[Scene: The Emergency Room. The officious admissions nurse is again on duty. Rachel and Monica enter, looking worried. As they approach the desk, Rachel adopts a winning smile, while Monica struggles to smile at all.]

> officious adj.爱发号施令的，好管闲事的

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Hi, remember us?

**Nurse**: (Grimacing) Mmm hmmm.

> grimace v.做苦相，扮鬼脸

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a **whole new one** (little laugh) because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. (Little laugh) 'cause um...

**Nurse**: You're **that** stupid.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) I am. I'm **that** stupid. (Little laugh.)

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a [check](file:///H:/%E5%85%AD%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C1/Friends%20-%20S01EP17%20-%20The%20Two%20Parts%20-%202.htm#%20cheque#%20cheque).

**Nurse**: Well, you know your insurance will cover that.

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Yeah, I know... (mirroring her friend) ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.

> mirror v.反射，照着sb的样子

(The girls escape with a new form.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is neglecting the game of *Scrabble*, for he's busily drawing on his own childhood in an attempt to help Ross. Marcel chitters about啾啾乱叫.]

**Chandler**: Okay, worst case scenario. Say you **never** feel like a father.

> The worst case scenario(n.想象中的未来事情)最糟糕的事情

**Ross**: Uh-huh.

**Chandler**: Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.

**Ross**: Do you have a point重点?

**Chandler**: You know, you think I would.

(Instead of scampering, Marcel stretches his neck as much as possible, and makes an unvoiced noise from his throat.)

> scamper v.蹦蹦跳跳/ make an unvoiced noise发出无声的嘶哑声音

**Chandler**: What's up with the simian?

> simian猿

**Ross**: It's just a fur ball毛球.

**Chandler**: Okay... (returning to the board) ..whose turn is it?

**Ross**: Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.

> Kidney n.肾

**Chandler**: No, no, you got **zero** points for 'IDNEY'.

**Ross**: I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'?

(The unvoiced hissing continues. In alarm, Ross and Chandler look at the monkey, who is now in some distress.)

> the unvoiced hissing发不出声音的嘶嘶声/be in distress在痛苦中

[Scene: The Emergency Room, Monica sits with Rachel, who is filling out an honest form at last. Ross and Chandler hurtle in. Little Marcel, wrapped in a fluffy towel, is cradled in Ross's arms. They dash up to the admissions desk. Ross is frantic.]

> hurtle in飞奔而入/a fluffy towel毛毯/cradle 裹在/dash up to 冲上前/frantic adj.抓狂的

**Ross**: You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'!

(Hearing her brother's voice, Monica gets up to stand behind Chandler, followed by Rachel.)

**Nurse**: (angrily) You go get that animal outta **here**.

**Ross**: No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.

**Monica**: What's goin' on?

(Ross and Chandler turn at the voice...)

> turn at the voice异口同声地问道

**Chandler**: Marcel swallowed a *Scrabble* tile(n.瓦片 to 字母).

**Rachel**: Oh.

(..then turn back to the desk when the surprise hits them, and Ross and Chandler whip around once more. Monica and Rachel recoil slightly.)

> whip around once more再一次突然抽动了下/recoil v.(a.畏缩b.产生后坐力)slightly:微微退后

**Nurse**: Excuse me... This hospital is for **people!**

**Ross**: Lady, he **is** people. He has a name, okay? He watches *Jeopardy(**危险 to 幸运轮)**!* He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!

> Jeopardy：美国热门抢答节目Jeopardy是美国相当知名的日间问答节目，这节目播出至今已经十八年了。Jeopardy的主持人Alex Trebec是主要发问人，每次会有三位来宾在台上对抗，题目会分几组类别，每个题目又依难易度有不等的金额，凡是答到最后累计到最多奖金的人就就是冠军，并取得卫冕资格。Ross这里就是要说，他的猴子会看这种节目，所以是只象人一样，会思考的猴子。

(Ross's vigorous protest is attracting attention.)

> vigorous protest强烈的反对

**Dr. Mitchell**: I'll take a look at him.

(Rachel, Monica, Ross and Chandler whip around for a second time, in formation.)

> in formation排成一排的

**Rachel and Monica**: Oh, thank you.

**Monica**: Michael.

**Dr. Mitchell**: Rachel.

**Rachel**: What?

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Monica.

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Oh.

**Monica:** (as Rachel) Hi.

**Rachel:** (as Monica) Hi.

(Monica smiles to cover her embarrassment, but Rachel sadly looks away...)

> look away:把脸转过去

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is playing "She Loves Me, She Loves Me Not" with the petals of a flower, alternately looking hopeful and annoyed. Phoebe enters, but not as herself, for she has changed the style of her hair and make-up to match that of her twin sister. She hangs up her coat, revealing her new cardigan. Nervously, she smooths out the identifying garment, approaching Joey who sits next to the main sofa.]

> petal n.花瓣/alternately adv.交替地，隔一个地/smooths out the identifying garment整了整完全一样的衣服

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) Hey.

**Joey**: Urse...

(Phoebe nods as he stands up in delight.)

**Joey**: ..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) Listen, um...

**Joey**: No, no, no, don't say "listen." I know that "listen." I've said that "listen."

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) I'm sorry.

**Joey**: I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?

(Phoebe is almost thrown by this.)

> be thrown被认出

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula): Yeah, um... (nervously clears her throat) You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' **crazy** that night, I was so drunk!

**Joey**: You don't drink.

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you对你如痴如醉!

**Joey**: Oh, Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms, but she fends him off.)

> fend sb off将某人挡开

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.

**Joey**: Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?

> hang out with sb与某人来往

**Joey**: (Thinking carefully) no. No, I, I couldn't do that.

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.

**Joey**: Then, uh, then I'm sorry.

(He sinks to the sofa, saddened by Ursula's ultimatum, while Phoebe follows, touched by Joey's good heart.)

> sink to the sofa瘫坐在沙发上/sadden vt.使……悲伤/ultimatum n.最后通牒/touched=moved被……感动

**Phoebe:** (as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.

**Joey**: I know...

(He looks up at her face and Phoebe, slipping out of character, smiles back at him. Joey's voice becomes soft and warm.)

> slipping out of character渐渐脱离角色

**Joey**: I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.

**Phoebe**: Really?

(Phoebe smiles, when Joey takes her face in his hands and kisses her. Joey gets up to leave but stops suddenly. Phoebe silently shouts "Oh, whoa!!" to herself, and leans back in the sofa to recover, a hand to her tingling lips. A thoughtful Joey is also feeling **his** lips, so he hesitates for a moment, then returns for a better view, he thinks again, cocking his head from side to side to regard her profile from various angles, then...)

> tingling(tingle v.感到刺痛) lips颤抖的双唇/cock his head 竖起脑袋/from side to side 从一侧到另一侧/regard v.看待/

profile n. a.侧脸 b.人物简介/angle n.角度

**Joey**: Pheebs?

**Phoebe**: (Automatically) Yeah. Oooh... (she's sprung.)

> be sprung(from spring):露馅

[Scene: The Hospital, Marcel lies on the operating table while recovering from the anaesthetic, tucked up under a sheet like an infant in a huge bed. Ross sits beside him, as a smiling Chandler, Monica and Rachel look on.]

> anaesthetic n.麻醉剂/tuck up折起,缩拢

**Ross**: He looks so tiny.

(The door bursts open, and Joey and Phoebe rush in.)

> burst open猛然打开

**Joey**: We just got the message.

**Phoebe**: Is he alright?

**Ross**: Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.

**Chandler**: We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.'

(Ross does not approve of Chandler's daft theory.)

> daft theory愚蠢的理论

**Ross**: Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.

**Chandler**: (Tapping Ross on his shoulder) So, you feel like a dad yet?

**Ross**: No, why?

**Chandler**: Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.

> come through 经历,脱险

(Ross does approve of this, but he's still not sure. The tiny figure stirs.)

> stir v. a.移动 b.搅拌 c.鼓动

**Monica**: Oh, look, he's waking up!

**Ross**: (Quietly) hey, fella伙计! How you doing?

(All of a sudden, Marcel grabs Ross's finger with his whole fist, and he squeezes it, so tight, that Ross finally knows what it is to be a father. He looks up at his friends, who smile encouragingly, Rachel tenderly resting her chin upon Monica's shoulder. Ross realises that Chandler was right and he's gonna make a great dad!)

**Closing Credits**

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey is there. Rachel is looking out of the window and Ross is handing out some Chinese takeout. There's a small SAP in the corner of the screen.]

**Ross**: Aqui est? (Here it is!)

**Monica**: qui pidio el pollo General Tso? (Who ordered General Sal's chicken?)

**Chandler**: udo aver sido General Tso! (It could've been General Sal!)

(Rachel points out of the window.)

**Rachel**: ira, mira, el viejo desnudo est?haciendo el hula hoop! (Look, look, Ugly Naked Guy is doing the hula呼啦圈!)

(The others rush to the window for a look.)

**All**:www! (Ewww!)

(Joey enters, happy again.)

**All**: ola, Joey! (Hi, Joey!)

**Joey**: ola, amigos! (Hey, everybody!)

(Marcel grabs the remote.)

**Monica**: Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto. (Look, Ross, Marcel's got the remote.)

**Ross**: o que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele! (The thing is, he doesn`t like the program!)

(Everybody laughs.)

**End**

## 橄榄球英语

A formation A字阵式

air attack 传球进攻

back-up 线后防守的队员

back field 守卫队员

back judge 防守对后方的裁判员

backman 后方

backs play 卫线战术

ball carrier 持球前进的队员

blind pass 跨下向后传球

blocked kick 被阻挡的踢球

brush blocking 轻快挡开对方

catch a high ball 拾高球

chain 链尺

close dribble 并列运球

close game with long forward passes 长传密集进攻打法

corner post 角杆

crawling 爬行传球

cross over 交叉步躲闪突进

cup-defense 杯形防守

grounding ball 压球触地

half back 飞扑传球

half-way line 中线

helmet 头盔

helping the runner 助攻犯规

hide-out play 偷袭

high kick 踢高球

hurdling 跨越过人

incomplete pass 传球失误

in-charge 守卫队员从对方内侧抢球

inside tackle内侧抢球

interlocked interference 联合阻碍

inter-rocked 坚持护球

in touch 球越过球门线

kick-of information 开球阵式

knee pad 护膝

last down 最后一次进攻

lateral pass play 侧向传球战术

left end 左边锋

left guard 左内锋

left tackle 左内边锋

lie on the ball 卧压球

lineman 卫线动员

line out 界外球

line out play 争界外球

loose head 自由前锋

march 持续进攻

mark 接球地点

marking 标志线

dangerous zone 危险区

diamond defense formation 菱形防守阵式

dive pass 飞身传球

double wing back 双边卫队形

down 进攻分段

down-the-middle thrust 中路突破

drop goal 碰球入门

drop kick 踢落地球

dummy 人形帆布袋

dummy pass 假传球

face guard 面罩

first down 第一次进攻

first quarter 第一节

five man line defense formation 5人防守阵式 five-yard line 5码线

float 阻止持球队员包抄

fly 飞传

flying block 鱼跃阻挡

flying half 飞锋

flying tackle 鱼跃擒抱动作

flying wedge 楔形强攻战术

for point 追加分

forward man 前卫

forward pass play 向前传球战术

four point stance 4点姿势

fourth down 第4次进攻

front row 前排

full back 殿卫

gridirom 橄榄球场

safety-man 安全队员

scrimmage 争球

scrimmage line 争球线

scrum half 传锋

secondary defense 第2防线

second down 第2进攻

second row 中排

seven men line box defense 7人箱形防线

seven men line diamond defense 7人菱形防线

short punt 短传球

shoulder pad 护肩

shove pass 进间转身向后传球

sidestep 侧步

single wingback formation 单边防守阵式

slant 突破防线

sleeper 乘虚进攻

smash 强行突破

snap 向后投球

spin kick 踢旋转球

stand off 接锋

standing pass 原地传球

statue of liberty 自由女神式传球

straight tackling 正面阻挡

T formation T字阵式

tackler 阻挡球员

tackling 阻挡

tail back 尾后卫

ten-yard line 十码线

third down 第3次进攻

mouse-trap 陷进战术

off guard 内侧抢球

offset 双方同时犯规

on side 在位

one armed catch 单手接球

out of play 暂停

pad 护具

padded jersy 衬软垫的运动衫

pass behind line 线后短传

piling up 故意压人

plunge 突破防线

punt kick 踢脱手球

quarter 小节

quarterback 四分卫

quick kick 快踢

ready for play 准备开始

receiveing team 防守队

recover 重新接球

regular formation 基本队形

retreating tactic 撤退战术

return kick 回踢

reverse play 回转进攻

right guard 右后卫

right tackle 右内边锋

right wing 右边锋

rocked leg 争球时勾腿

roll out 四分卫突破战术

rush tackle 冲抱

safety 安全得分

third row 后排

tight scrummage 对等争球

touch 持球触人

touch down 持球触地

touchdown passing 向前传球越过对方球门线

touchdown running 举球越过对方球门线

touch-in-goal 得分区

touch-in-goal line 得分区线

touch kick 踢向边线

tripple wing back formation 三边卫进攻阵式

try 进攻权，持球触地得分

try getter （持球触地）得分手

twenty yards chain 20码链尺

two-yard line 两码线

V formation V字阵式

war dance 赛前舞（预祝胜利）

wing back 边卫

yard line 码线