# S01E08

**The One Where Nana Dies Twice**

Written by: Marta Kaufmann and David Crane
Transcribed by: guineapig 
Special thanks to Rachel Stigge for correcting my Italian

**108**（祖母）娜娜死了两回 钱德发现他给人们的第一印象通常是同性恋，他试图找出原因。 保路从罗马给瑞秋打来电话并给她买鞋。 罗斯和莫妮卡的祖母死了……两次。 在葬礼上，乔伊通过一台便携式电视观看球赛； 罗斯失足掉进了一个坟坑，伤到背部。 莫妮卡难以应付母亲的挑剔。*

[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break. Shelley enters.)**Shelley:** Hey gorgeous, how's it going?

> gorgeous n.帅哥，美女

**Chandler:** Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it **get** better than this夫复何求?

> hydrate n.氢氧化物v.与水化合/dehydrate vt.(使)脱水/fluorescent adj.荧光的, 莹光的
> 老友们的吃喝，这里做个小节：Decaf（无咖啡因的咖啡）、Tiki－Death punch（一种自制的鸡尾酒，将含酒精的饮料同果汁或者糖混合在一起）、espresso（浓咖啡）、rum（朗姆酒）、cocktail（鸡尾酒）、Rocky road（rocky road 是一种冰淇淋，里面有坚果，巧克力和蜜饯, 由于这些东西让冰淇淋不平滑，所以叫rocky road）、cookie dough（曲奇圈、有碎曲奇的冰淇淋）、western omelet（煎蛋卷）、lasagne（意大利宽条面）、spaghetti（意大利细面条）、lamb chop（小羊排）、tart（果馅饼）、chocolate blobby（巧克力酱）、fat－free crust pizza（脱脂脆皮薄饼）、vegetarian pate（素菜面团）、 Dehydrated Japanese noodles（日式脱水面条）、cracker（饼干）、Pretzel(椒盐卷饼)、Cappuccino是用蒸汽煮沸，通常加入热牛奶的意大利式咖啡。

**Shelley:** Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.

**Chandler:** Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...

> co-dependent adj.互相依靠/self-destructive adj.自我摧残[这里的语境均是形容爱情的]

**Shelley:** Do you want a date Saturday?

**Chandler:** Yes please.

**Shelley:** Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-

**Chandler:** He's a he他是男的?

**Shelley:** Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now我要到马桶处把自己冲掉...(backs out of the room) Okay, goodbye...

> flush v.a.脸发红 b.冲洗(flush the toilet冲洗马桶)/toilet n.盥洗室,马桶

**Opening Credits**

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.)

**Chandler:** ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?

**Rachel:** Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...

**Chandler:** You did?

**Rachel:** Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured认为 maybe not.

**Chandler:** Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?

**Monica:** I did.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I think so, yeah.

**Joey:** Not me.

**Ross:** Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.

**Chandler:** You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?

**Ross:** No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...

(Joey congratulates Ross, sees Chandler's look and abruptly stops.)

> abruptly adv.突然地，唐突地

**Chandler:** Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?

> fascinate vt.使着迷, 使神魂颠倒/this is fascinating这太神奇了

**Phoebe:** I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...

**Chandler:** Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?

**All:** Yeah! Right!

**Chandler:** WHAT IS IT?!

**Monica:** Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.

> quality n.质量，品质，性质 to气质=temperament

**All:** Yes. Absolutely. A quality.

**Chandler:** Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.

> vague adj.含糊的, 不清楚的, 茫然的, 暧昧的/be vague about对……还不够清楚

(Phone rings; Monica gets it)

**Monica:** Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Calling from Rome! (Takes phone) *Bon giorno, caro mio.*

**Ross:** (to Joey) So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.

**Rachel:** Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. (Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler) I'm talking to Rome.

> beep v.嘟嘟响/beep in打来，插入/beeper n.寻呼机

**Monica:** Hey dad, what's up? (Listens) Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.

[Scene: The Hospital, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there, along with Aunt Lillian. Ross and Monica enter and everyone says hi and kisses.)

**Ross:** So, uh, how's she doing?

**Aunt Lillian:** The doctor says it's a matter of hours这不过是时间早晚的问题.

> a matter of大约，大概

**Monica:** How-how are you, Mom?

**Mrs. Geller:** Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?

**Monica:** What?

**Mrs. Geller:** What's different?

**Monica:** Nothing.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, maybe that's it.

(Monica strides over to Ross, who is making coffee, and talks to him aside.)

> stride over to sb大踏步向某人走去/aside adv.在旁边，到旁边

**Monica:** She is unbelievable, our mother is...

**Ross:** Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover谈论.

**Monica:** Oh God!

(They hug.)

[Cut to the hospital, later. Everyone is talking about Nana.]

**Monica:** The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.

> fuzzy adj.有绒毛的, 模糊的, 失真的to发霉的/mint n.薄荷, 薄荷糖, 造币厂, 巨款to硬币

**Ross:** Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross真恶心. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.

> “gross”在口语中表示粗俗、不雅或者下流。/“Sweet ‘n’ Low”是非常著名的代糖商标，现在已经通用的翻译成代糖，那什么是代糖呢？『代糖』又称为甜味料，甜味料是食品调味料的一种，主要是为了调配各种食品的嗜好性而添加。一般的甜味料有蔗糖、果糖、蜂蜜及代糖。代糖的甜度高且热量低，适合减重者使用。常见的代糖有阿斯巴甜、木糖醇及山梨糖醇等。

**Mr. Geller:** Not just restaurants, from our house.

(The nurse comes out of Nana's room.)

**Nurse:** Mrs. Geller?

(Everyone stands up. Cut to Ross and Monica in Nana's room.)

**Ross:** She looks so small.

**Monica:** I know.

**Ross:** Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop=grandpa阿公,外公 and Aunt Phyllis now.

**Monica:** G'bye, Nana. (She kisses her on the forehead.)

**Ross:** Bye, Nana.

(He goes to kiss her but she moves. Monica screams. Ross shouts and stares in disbelief. Monica runs out of the room.)

**Monica:** Ross!

(Ross runs out too.)

**Mrs. Geller:** What is going on?!

**Ross:** Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..

**Mrs. Geller:** What?

**Ross:** She's not- past, she's present, she's back.

**Aunt Lillian:** (reentering再次进入) What's going on?

**Mr. Geller:** She may have died.

**Aunt Lillian:** She **may** have died?

**Mr. Geller:** We're looking into it.

(Monica returns with the nurse and they go into Nana's room.)

**Ross:** I, uh, I'll go see. (He goes in)

**Nurse:** This almost never happens!

(Nana passes for the second time and the nurse pulls the blanket over her. Ross and Monica go to tell the family)

**Ross:****Now** she's passed现在她过世了.

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, Joey, and Rachel are there.]

**Chandler:** I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?

**Rachel:** (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you have homosexual hair.

> homosexual n.adj.同性恋的

(Monica and Ross enter.)

**Rachel:** So, um, did she...

**Ross:** Twice.

**Joey:** Twice?

**Phoebe:** Oh, that sucks好烂啊!

**Joey:** You guys okay?

**Ross:** I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...

**Phoebe:** Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.

**Ross:** Nono, she's gone.

**Monica:** We checked. A lot.

**Phoebe:** Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then常常，时不时, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high初中- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.

> draw back v.拉起, 退却, 缩回/vibe=viberation n.感应,共鸣,气氛/pencil n.铅笔

**Rachel:** Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? (Gives her a pencil)

**Phoebe:** Thanks!

**Rachel:** Sure. I just sharpened her削尖她 this morning.

**Joey:** Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm虫 food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?

> tact n.老练，机智，得体/tactlessness n.不得体，不老练

**Phoebe:** Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)

[Scene: Nana's house, Ross, Mrs. Geller and Aunt Lillian are going through仔细检查 clothes.]

**Ross:** I thought it was gonna be a closed casket.

> casket n.首饰盒, 匣子, <美>棺材/a closed casket n.密封的棺木

**Mrs. Geller:** Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice!

(They open a cupboard which, amongst other things, contains a chest of drawers)

> cupboard n.食橱, 碗碟橱/amongst prep.在...中间, 在...之中/ chest of drawers n.五斗柜, 衣柜

**Mrs. Geller:** Sweetie, you think you can get in there?

**Ross:** (sarcastic) I don't see why not我没有想到什么不进去的理由.

(He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout.)

> closet n.壁橱, 储藏室, 厕所

**Ross:** Here's my retainer!

> retainer n.牙齿矫正器

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is talking to her father.]

**Mr. Geller:** I was just thinking. When my time comes-

**Monica:** Dad!

**Mr. Geller:** Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea海葬.

**Monica:** You what?

**Mr. Geller:** I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun.

**Monica:** Define fun.

**Mr. Geller:** C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch午餐打包...

> make a day of it把整天的时间用于某事上

**Monica:** ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.

**Mr. Geller:** Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.

> predict v. 预知, 预言, 预报/predictable adj.可预言的 to 一成不变的

**Monica:** That's probably what they'll say.

**Mr. Geller:** I'd like that.

[Scene: Chandler's Office, Shelley is drinking coffee; Chandler enters.]

**Chandler:** Hey, gorgeous.

**Shelley: **(sheepish羞怯的) Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-

**Chandler:** No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently显然 other people have made the same mistake.

**Shelley:** Oh! Okay! Phew!

> phew int.哟, 呸表示不快的声音vi.咂舌头

**Chandler:** So, uh... what do you think it is about me?

**Shelley:** I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...

**Chandler:** ...Quality, right, great.

**Shelley:** Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple非常地登对.

**Chandler:** Lowell? Financial Services会计部' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?

> see with v.同意

**Shelley:** What? He's cute帅!

**Chandler:** Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.

> payroll n.薪水册 to薪水处

**Shelley:** Is Brian...?

**Chandler:** No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.

> set up with向……提供/set A up with B将A和B配对

**Shelley:** Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league你还不够配他.

**Chandler:** Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could **get** a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.

[Scene: Nana's Bedroom, Ross is holding a dress out from inside the closet.]

**Ross:** (holding a dress out from inside the closet) This one?

**Aunt Lillian:** No.

**Ross:** I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.

> eternity n.永远, 来世, 不朽, 来世, 来生/pant-suit n.长裤与衣相配成套的便服/Burgundy n.勃艮第(法国东南部地方的地名,该地产的红葡萄酒) /burgundy adj.紫红色(红葡萄酒的颜色)

**Aunt Lillian:** You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.

**Mrs. Geller:** You're right. We'll go with与……相配 the burgundy.

**Ross:** Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. (Starts to climb over the furniture)

**Aunt Lillian:** Wait! We need shoes!

(Ross falls back后退，退却 inside)

**Ross:** Okay. Um, how about these? (Holds out a pair)

**Mrs. Geller:** That's really a day shoe日鞋.

**Ross:** And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?

> dressy adj.<俗>衣着考究的

**Aunt Lillian:** Could we see something in a slimmer heel?

> heel n.脚后跟, 踵, 跟部

**Ross:** (forages around) Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.

> forage v.搜寻=search

**Aunt Lillian:** No, it really should be burgundy.

**Mrs. Geller:** Mm. Unless we go with a different dress?

**Ross:** No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back.

(He finds a shoebox (out of shot), pulls it down and opens it. It is full of *Sweet 'n' Lo*'s.)

**Ross:** Oh my God..

**Mrs. Geller:** Is everything all right, dear?

**Ross:** Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.

> “stuff”这是口语中常见的词，往往用来指某未特殊标明的材料或者是东西家庭或个人用品的总称，形容人时候指说不出来的具体的言谈或行动，比如Don't give me that stuff about being tired.不要对我说累了之类的话。

(He reaches up higher and knocks down拆开 another shoebox鞋盒 lid盖子. *Sweet 'n' Lo*'s rain down大量下降 on him)

**Commercial Break**

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are preparing to leave for the funeral.]

**Ross:** (entering) How we doing, you guys ready?

**Monica:** Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up将头发扎起来. Did you know my ears are not my best feature面貌的一部分?

**Ross:** Some days it's all I can think about有时候我认为是的.

**Phoebe:** (entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings找到我的方向.

> bearing n.轴承, 关系, 方面, 意义, 方向, 方位

**Rachel:** Oh, you-you mean your earrings耳环?

**Phoebe:** What'd I say?

**Rachel:** (sticking her foot out) Hm-m.

> stick out伸出

**Monica:** Are these the shoes?

**Rachel:** Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.

**Ross:** What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?

**Joey:** (entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?

**Chandler:** Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that人模人样的，还真像那么回事, isn't it?

> dress up v.盛装, 打扮, 装饰, 伪装

(They all leave.)

[Scene: The cemetery墓地, after the funeral葬礼，出殡.]

**Monica:** It was a really beautiful service(n.仪式).

**Mrs. Geller:** It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. (Hugs her) Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.

(Joey listens to his overcoat外套大衣 for a second and sighs, then notices Chandler watching)

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.

> remarkably adv.非常地, 显著地, 引人注目地/ Brent Musberger: 在罗斯和莫尼卡祖母的葬礼上，乔伊把手提电视放在衣服里，钱德勒走过来说，你的外衣听上去有点像布伦特·马斯伯格(Brent Musberger)，这是CBS的著名体育播音员。

**Joey:** Check it out瞧, Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)

**Chandler:** You're watching a football game at a funeral?

**Joey:** No, it's the pre-game比赛前的. I'm gonna watch it at the reception接待会.

**Chandler:** You are a frightening, frightening man.

(Rachel steps in a patch of mud)

> step in v.走进, 插手帮助, 作短时间的非正式访问/a patch of一片

**Rachel:** Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!

**Ross:** Oh, I hope they're not ruined.

**Phoebe:** God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!

> weather-wise adv.至于天气,就天气来说

**Ross:** I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- (Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave墓穴)

**All:** God! Ross!

**Ross:** I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear(=nightmare) realised...

[Scene: The Wake, at the Gellers' house. Ross is lying on his back, with Phoebe squatting over him, checking to see if he's injured.]

> squat v.蹲坐, 蹲伏

**Phoebe:** Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.

> muscle spasm n.肌肉痉挛

**Ross:** What, what is it?

**Phoebe:** You missed a belt loop穿入皮带的搭扣.

**Ross:** Oh! No-n-

**Phoebe:** Okay, it's in spasm.

**Mrs. Geller:** Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident. (Hands Ross a bottle of pills. Then turns to Monica and pats轻拍 her hair over her ears)

(Cut to Chandler and a woman, Andrea, reaching for伸手拿东西 the same slice片 of meat)

**Chandler:** Oh, no-

**Andrea:** Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.

**Chandler:** Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.

(They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway走廊, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned)

> grin v.露齿而笑/inanely adv.呆呆地，愚蠢地，空洞地/be stoned adj去核的, 醉酒的, 飘飘欲仙的

**Phoebe:** Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?

**Ross:** I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.

**Monica:** Wow, those pills really worked, huh?

**Ross:** Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister (Kisses Monica), I love Pheebs... (Hugs her)

**Phoebe:** Ooh! That's so nice...

**Ross:** ...Chandler!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** (hugs him) And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me我不在乎.

**Andrea:** (turns to a friend) You were right. (They walk off and leave Chandler.)

**Ross:** Rachel. Rachel Rachel. (Sits down beside her) I love you the most.

**Rachel: **(humouring him) Oh, well you know who I love the most?

> humour n.幽默, 诙谐 to v.唬弄，开玩笑

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** You!

**Ross:** Oh.. you don't get it! (Passes out and slumps across her)

> pass out v.昏倒，死/slump v.失败, 消沉, (物价)暴跌, 跌落/slump across倒在某人身上

(Cut to Joey watching TV in the corner. He makes an extravagant gesture of disappointment.)

> extravagant adj.奢侈的, 浪费的, 过分的, 放纵的

**Mr. Geller:** Whaddya got there?

**Joey:** (hides the TV, but he still has an earphone) Just a, uh... hearing disability听力障碍.

**Mr. Geller:** What's the score?

**Joey:** Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third还有3分钟就进入第三节.

**Mr. Geller:** Beautiful! (Turns to watch with him)

(Time lapse. A large crowd of men are now watching the game)

**Rachel:** (still trapped under Ross) Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?

> cracker=cookie n.饼干, 爆竹, 胡桃夹n.解密高手

**Mrs. Geller: **(to Monica) Your grandmother would have hated this.

**Monica:** Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.

**Mrs. Geller:** No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.

> glaze v.装玻璃, 上釉, 使表面光滑/honey-glazed ham糖浆火腿

**Monica:** That sounds like Nana.

**Mrs. Geller:** Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?

> be critical of对……不满

**Monica:** ...I can imagine.

**Mrs. Geller:** I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.

> wonder n.奇迹/affirm v.断言, 确认, 肯定/life-affirming adj.坚定的生活观

**Monica:** That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?

> all over adv.全部结束, 到处, 浑身, <口>完全象/all over again重新, 再一遍

**Mrs. Geller:** Tell her what?

**Monica:** How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.

> pick on v.作弄, 总是挑剔

**Mrs. Geller:** I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.

> get at v.到达, 够到, 了解, 意味着指责, 含沙影射地攻击

**Monica:** Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?

**Mrs. Geller:** ...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along融洽相处.

> critical还有“关键的、危急的“的含义: Health and safety is the most critical point for our life.

**Monica:** Huh.

**Mrs. Geller:** More wine, dear?

**Monica:** Oh, I think so.

**Mrs. Geller:** (reaches out to fiddle with Monica's hair again, and realises) Those earrings look really lovely on you.

> reach out伸出/fiddle v. a.(with)无目的地拨弄 b.<非正>篡改(帐目),以欺骗手段得到c.拉小提琴(violin n.小提琴)

**Monica:** Thank you. They're yours.

**Mrs. Geller:** Actually they were Nana's.

(There is a cry of disappointment from the crowd of men.)

**Mr. Geller:** Now I'm depressed沮丧的! ...(To everyone) Even more than I was.

[Scene: Central Perk, the gang are looking at old photos.]

**Rachel:** Hey, who's this little naked guy?

**Ross:** That little naked guy would be me.

**Rachel:** Aww, look at the little thing.

**Ross:** Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis(=peepee). Can we be grown-ups成年人 now?

**Chandler:** Who are those people?

**Ross:** Got me可把我问倒了.

**Monica:** Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java爪哇Joe's'.

**Rachel:** Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?

**Monica:** Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?

**Ross:** Looks like a fun gang. (They all look at each other and smile)

**Joey:** Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!

**Ross:** (looking) Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something.

**Closing Credits**

[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break as Lowell enters.]

**Chandler:** Hey, Lowell.

**Lowell****: **Hey, Chandler.

**Chandler:** So how's it going there in Financial Services?

**Lowell****: **It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?

> Mardi Gras n.四旬斋前的最后一天/ Mardi Gras：这是美国南部一些州在天主教复活节斋戒前的盛大狂欢节，正确的日子应该在“四旬斋前的最后一天”。因为马上要进入斋戒，所以人们抓住最后机会狂欢。在这个狂欢节上，很多人要举行大头游行，用纸糊的大头(paper mache heads)装饰，这是狂欢节最快乐的节目之一。所以，剧中钱德勒问他的同性恋同事洛厄尔财务部状况还好吗，洛厄尔回答说：“就像Mardi Gras狂欢节没有大头游行一样。”也就是说，不怎么样，很糟糕。

**Chandler:** Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.

**Lowell****:** I know. That's what I told her.

**Chandler:** Really.

**Lowell****:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** So- you can tell?

**Lowell****:** Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.

**Chandler:** So you don't think I have a, a quality?

**Lowell****:** Speaking for my people代表男同志发言, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.

**Chandler:** He **is**?

**Lowell****:** Yup, and waaay out of your league你完全配不上他. (Exits)

**Chandler:** Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian.

**End**